Bring him here!
Anyone hiding a member
of the resistance
will pay the price.
That's enough.
Enough.
Get the men to the truck.
What happened, General?
- Do you hear that, Colonel?
-Yes.
The fighting is getting closer.
We need to regroup.
Unless you could
expedite things.
I find that a good threat
motivates people.
The family, monsieur.
Mother, father and the child.
Take them. Bring them down.
Move! On your knees!
Please, General!
I promise you
that there are no resistance
among any of us here!
They think you're a fool.
We grow tired
of your obstinance!
Reveal the location
of the resistance
or we will butcher this family
in the street!
There is no one
hiding in this town.
These are just simple,
good people.
I know.
Over there!
Quickly now, quickly!
Colonel, hold on.
Goodbye, Ryder!
Yeah?
Can I help you?
When did I check in?
I don't know.
I just got on at 12:00.
What's your room number?
Yeah. I don't know, Mr. Ryder.
It doesn't say.
Goodbye, Ryder!
Ryder?
Are you okay?
Hmm.
You know,
I look out over this city...
...and I realize I still feel
the same way I did
when I was a child.
How's that, boss?
I always wanted
to tear things down.
But, of course,
there's no point
tearing anything down
unless you can build
something better in its place.
And so,
I worked hard...
made quite a nice living,
doing just that, didn't I, Jack?
Yes, you made
a shitload of money.
I have.
But something's wrong, Jack.
I'm questioning myself.
Do I really need to spend
the last years of my life
turning this into this?
A lot of people
are going to get hurt, Jack,
especially in the poor section.
How often do I have to do
the same thing
over and over again?
It's like reincarnation.
- Huh?
- You know, coming back
and doing the same thing
over and over again.
May I say,
you're doing them all
a magnificent favor.
It's progress.
It can hurt.
Sometimes a few have to suffer
to benefit the many.
When all is said and done...
your soul will be judged
by the things
that you have accomplished.
My soul?
What are you talking about?
There is no soul.
Well, then,
if there's no soul,
you're doing exactly
what you're supposed
to be doing, Paul.
That's Mr. Sanborn to you.
Relax, Jack.
Mr. Soach is an artist.
We make exceptions for artists.
Nevertheless,
something is bothering me
about this now.
I could've chosen
a dozen other projects.
I chose yours
because it matters
for the people.
You've been building
towards this your whole life.
- Oh, well, I have.
-Yes.
You've done other things before,
but this is...
Wow.
This is something else.
- Well, this was the big one.
-This is huge.
This is your Mount Everest.
It is, isn't it?
Yes!
You said you had a vision.
I came here to do one thing,
make that vision a reality.
But let me ask you...
do you still have the energy
to get this done?
I do.
Of course, I do.
There will always be doubt.
I know that.
Of course,
and of course you're right.
This is my work.
Be assured that what we're doing
is a great thing.
It is, isn't it?
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have a few little things
I need to accomplish.
That is one weird dude.
Well, he's a character.
I'll grant you that.
But, Jack, that man is a genius.
Yeah, he's still weird.
Look, if you want
to get this thing built,
you're still gonna have
to get it approved
by city council.
Roger Hammond's
the only one that matters.
The rest are in my pocket.
Maybe it's time
I gave Mr. Hammond a visit,
showed him the error
of his ways.
Jack, that's a little
heavy-handed.
Just call his office.
Set a meeting.
I'm scared!
What can I get you?
Coffee.
Kitchen open?
You can have whatever you want
as long as it's
a well-done cheeseburger.
It's all we got
right now, sorry.
Sounds good.
Leo, get me a cheeseburger.
Mm-hmm.
-Thanks.
- Cream and sugar?
Are you okay, hon?
You're the second person today
who's asked me that.
Well, what's the answer?
I'm not sure.
Empty this time of day, huh?
Oh, it's just about happy hour.
It'll get busy pretty soon.
A little early.
Not in this town.
You need to be
more careful
with your receipts, Shelly.
I do my grandmother's books.
Morgan is afraid
I'll screw up my taxes
and the IRS will take
all this away.
Hello, Shelly.
Jack.
Whiskey.
It look good.
Bud...
don't be rude, pay the lady.
Get yourself something nice.
Who's this?
My name is Ryder.
Mother...
Ah!
Let's go, Boss.
Let's go.
I'll see you next time, Shelly.
Come on, Tink.
Who's your friends?
The big one is called Tink,
short for Tinkerbell.
The skinny one's Bud,
short for...
Nobody cares
what his real name is.
They both work
for the other guy, Jack.
You pay them protection?
Not exactly.
Ready.
Hope you're hungry.
Starving.
You better be
if you're going to eat that.
-Good burger.
- No, it's not.
I must be hungry.
It tastes okay to me.
When was the last time you ate?
I don't know.
Can I ask you a question?
Do you know anything
about a little girl...
hurt or killed around here?
Well, that's a strange question.
What's the answer?
The answer would be no.
Why do you ask?
Happy hour, huh?
Happy hour.
Citizens...
lend me your attention here.
Lend me your attention.
This woman and this child
stand accused.
Senator, these are lies.
We're wrongfully accused.
We have
evidence enough, Senator.
Is there anyone willing
to fight for these two?
If not, they will be dealt
with according to the law.
Don't be frightened.
It's gonna be all right.
Someone will fight for us.
Must you do this?
I thought better of you.
I will not watch.
We must maintain
the law, Senator.
The people will love you.
Will anyone fight
for this woman and this child?
Anyone?
I will!
Well, well, step forward.
Show yourself to the people.
Citizens, we have a game.
We have a game.
Hey. Hey!
How do I know you?
Now, that's funny.
What is?
I was going to ask you
the same thing.
Detective Timmons.
Good to see you.
What seems to be the problem?
Problem?
Oh, there's no problem.
There's no problem.
We were just leaving.
Let me see some I.D.
You didn't ask those guys
for their I.D.
I know who they are.
And they know you too.
What are you?
On the take?
Ben Timmons is the one
honest cop in this town, Ryder.
Ryder's okay, Ben.
Okay, then.
You got a place to stay?
Seems as though last night
I stayed at the Paradise Hotel.
We can do better than that.
Show him the room.
Follow me.
I was a bartender here
till I finished law school,
so I used this room
when I worked nights.
Sheets are clean.
How much?
Fifty bucks a night.
And maybe
if it gets busy at the bar,
you could help out a bit?
Okay.
So, those guys,
Jack, Bud, and Tink...
what's their deal?
Was she paying them off?
Those clowns work
for a guy named Paul Sanborn.
You know that name?
Should I?
Citizens, we have a game.
"Paul Sanborn has a vision."
Does he really have a vision?
Yeah, making shit tons of money.
So, what were those guys
doing collecting that envelope?
Every year,
there's this charity thing
Sanborn runs, and his minions
collect "donations."
Donations?
If you don't contribute,
the health inspector starts
to show up on a daily basis,
and your garbage
doesn't get picked up.
It's easier this way.
Plus, I write it off
on Shelly's taxes.
Okay, sounds kind of shady.
Truly, it's small potatoes
to Sanborn.
But it's his charity,
and I think he likes
to control people.
He asks and everyone gives.
I have to get back to work.
Who are you?
You don't have to do this!
Who is this boy to question you?
Maintain the law.
An example has to be made.
Do you hold
with your decision, stranger?
I've made my choice!
Then may the gods be with you.
Who the fuck are you?
Paul.
Roger.
You're gonna make me start,
aren't you?
You know why I'm here.
I do. I do.
And?
And you're not going to like
what I have to say.
Oh.
Try me.
I can't let you do this
to the people of this city.
"The people of this city."
Can you believe it?
Cocksucker's born
with a silver spoon up his ass
and he thinks he understands
the people of this city!
This is from a man
who won't eat in any restaurant
that doesn't have
a Michelin star!
Roger Hammond wouldn't know
the people of this city
if they kicked him in the balls.
So,
how do you want to play it?
I don't know, Jack,
but we'll have
to think of something
really good, won't we?
You know, I took good time
out of my day to see this SOB.
What a waste.
Bring forth the accused.
Live! Live! Live! Live...
How do I know you?
Mr. Hammond
wasn't very receptive,
- I take it.
- No.
There's always confusion
around a good idea.
You surely
won't let this deter you.
No, I will not.
Perhaps there's something
that this Hammond man wants,
something that only you
could give him.
That son a bitch can pretty much
have anything he wants.
Jack, bring what we have
on Hammond.
Roger Hammond is rich.
He's filthy rich.
Born into money.
He's faithful to his wife.
He pays his taxes.
He volunteers at a soup kitchen.
Nobody is that clean.
There must be some dirt on him.
His daughter does ballet.
Last month, he took
a 24hour flight from Seoul
and went directly
from the airport to her recital.
He owns his own plane.
I'm sure
he was quite comfortable.
But that leads us
to the question, gentlemen.
With what do you bribe a man
who already has everything?
If there's nothing
you can give him,
how about something
you can threaten to take away?
Every man needs to worry
about the safety of his family.
The people want more.
Give them what they want!
I will fight him.
Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight...
You certainly
get around, Mr. Ryder.
Hey.
Hey, yourself.
You know,
I was just wondering...
are you cool with me being here?
Dude,
do you think my grandmother asks
my permission for anything?
So, you said you're a lawyer?
I'm a legal aid attorney.
This place is sort of
my unofficial office.
I kind of grew up here.
You guys are tight, aren't you?
My folks were killed
by a drunk driver when I was 18.
Shelly made sure
I got through college
on what they left me,
then she paid for law school.
Kept me from losing my mind
during all of it.
And she left me alone
to make all my own decisions.
Never tried to tell me
what to do.
"Morgan V. Stram."
What's the V stand for?
Um, Virgil.
Virgil?
It's Shelly's last name,
and it's like this
family tradition or something.
Don't blame me!
That was your mom's idea.
- Let me get that.
-I got it. I got it.
Hey, now that's cool.
Like Virgil the Roman poet.
The Roman poet?
Never heard of him.
He, uh, he wrote The Aeneid.
And in Dante's Inferno,
he serves
as the guide into hell.
I know who he is.
The guide into hell,
though, that sounds cool.
Oh. That's Roger Hammond.
He needs to talk.
- See you later, sweetie.
-See you.
See you around.
- Who's Roger Hammond?
- He's a councilman.
He's opposing
Paul Sanborn's big development,
and Morgan
is one of the attorneys
leading a coalition
of townspeople.
-Here we go.
- Lunchtime rush?
Leo's gonna be thrilled.
Hey!
How you doing today?
What can I get you?
Yeah, all right.
That everything?
Terrible story, huh?
What's up?
Nothing.
Didn't you ask me
about a little girl?
Yeah. Yeah.
Terrible.
Hold your horses,
Leo, I'm coming!
At the risk of repeating myself,
it's pointless to leave
any of the old city intact.
If you're going to do something,
why aren't you going
to do it properly?
Do you know how many people live
in this part of the city?
Of course, you do. I used to...
I used to walk these streets
to get to my school.
So, how can I kick these people
out of their homes?
Maybe we can keep the housing,
and the culture,
and the community,
and, uh, put some money
into infrastructure.
They'll have all of that,
and they'll have new housing.
It's simply a matter
of efficiency, that's all.
They'll be outpriced,
and you know it.
- This is their home.
- Whatever it is you decide,
you'll still have
your nasty little friend,
Councilman Hammond,
standing in your way.
Sometimes you have to push
a person
- to make the right decision.
-Yeah.
Your young associate has a plan
that he wants to share with you.
- Oh.
- Isn't that so, Jack?
If you don't mind.
Of course.
Of course, Jack.
We'd love to hear it.
I've given it some thought.
What can we hold against Hammond
that he really cares about?
His daughter.
I have a plan
to retain her and hold her
until he signs what we need.
It's difficult but doable.
We're kidnapping a child?
But you'll see to it
that no one gets hurt,
won't you, Jack?
Especially the child.
You know
what you're doing, Jack?
He's right.
No one will get hurt.
And Hammond will do
whatever we ask of him.
Sometimes you have to have
the stomach to persuade people
not to make the wrong choice.
Of course.
Wonderful.
That's wonderful, Paul.
We're closed!
Even for me?
Never for you, Ben.
What are you having?
Beer. Whatever you got
that's cold, Shelly.
Evening, Mr. Ryder.
Evening, Detective.
I'm gonna go
take the garbage out.
Where are you going?
You didn't even touch your beer.
I guess I'm not
so thirsty after all.
See you later, Shelly.
So...
tell me, Ryder...
Who is this?
No, not yet.
Soon, but not yet.
How did you get this number?
You've been having bad dreams.
You could try pharmaceuticals,
religion, therapy, but...
I can tell you now,
they won't work.
Who are you?
We have a game to play, Ryder.
What game?
I'll be in touch.
They haven't paid
the taxes on the property.
And you don't wish to sell?
My lord, the property has been
in my family
for two generations.
Please give me the time
to pay the taxes.
My offer was fair.
Please, my lord.
My lord,
this is no place for a lady.
My dear,
what are you doing here?
This is wrong,
what you're doing.
Really?
With respect, my lord,
a precedent must be set.
Otherwise, they'll all be trying
to take advantage of you.
You mustn't do this!
I fear for your soul.
It's never too late
to do the right thing.
-Good morning.
- Hey.
Why don't you
pour us both coffee?
You know,
when I was a little girl,
I looked out our kitchen window
and I saw
a man standing outside.
My mom was next to me,
only she couldn't see him,
but I could.
He had a kind of outline,
an aura.
And I just knew he was a ghost.
All my life, I've seen things,
things that other people
don't see.
So, I'm a ghost?
Not quite.
Your aura is different.
What am I?I have no idea.
But I can tell you one thing,
you ain't from around here.
Yeah?
You run those fingerprints
on the bottle for me?
That was quick.
Two sets?
Yeah, she's the bar owner.
What about the other set?
And you ran them
through all the databases,
state and federal?
Do me a favor.
Yeah. Get back to me
once you do. Thanks.
What?
Mr. Ryder.
What can I do for you?
What of it?
You've come to confess
to kidnapping now?
Relax, Mr. Ryder. She was found.
Turns out she was sleeping over
at a friend's house
and forgot to call her mom.
What's it to you?
Tell me about Paul Sanborn.
A cop can get
into a lot of trouble
talking about Paul Sanborn
in this city.
Why you got
his picture on your wall?
I've been a cop
for almost 20 years.
Paul Sanborn has owned this city
that entire time.
- And?
- And...
And that's all.
He's rich,
and he's powerful,
and he doesn't
always have the city's
best interests in mind.
But a cop can get in trouble
for talking about him.
Exactly.
Have a nice day, Mr. Ryder.
It's just Ryder.
Here you go.
Allow me to introduce myself.
Mr. Soach.
Interesting name.
Once upon a time, I believe
it was pronounced Soach.
Could you get me
your oldest Scotch?
Or at least the most expensive.
I'm sure it will be dreadful.
I'll manage.
Keep the change.
I'm sure Shelly
will appreciate it.
Delicious.
- I'm an architect.
- I know.
You're designing Paul Sanborn's
city of the future.
I read a great magazine piece,
and you were mentioned,
in passing, but...
there weren't
any pictures of you.
I like to think of myself
as underground.
Underground famous.
People like Paul Sanborn
have their picture
in the papers and magazines.
They talk on TV.
I prefer to stay
in the background.
You're the one
who called me last night?
Yes, I did.
-How'd you find me?
- A little bird told me.
Paul Sanborn's name
opens doors in this city.
Who are you?
Have you not been listening?
Aside from being an architect...
I suppose I'm a...
I'm a sort of...
motivational speaker.
A precedent must be set.
Otherwise, they'll all try
to take advantage of you.
I find that a good threat
motivates people.
Maintain the law.
An example has to be made.
It's not possible.
I think
there are infinite possibilities
beyond what we know.
If only you could see.
- Good evening.
- Thanks.
Where's Shelly?
Storage room.
Who was that guy?
He's the architect working
with Paul Sanborn
on his big development.
You don't like Sanborn, do you?
What's not to like?
He owns this city.
I keep hearing that.
Tell me about Roger Hammond.
Roger Hammond?
He's opposing Sanborn's bid
to make the city over,
and I'm helping out.
Son of a bitch!
I got it.
Wait a minute!
Since you won't have a home,
you're gonna need
a place to stay, a warm bed.
Unhand the lady.
Do you take orders from him?
This is none of your concern.
Just leave.
Hey!
Hey.
Are you okay, hon?
It's closing time.
We're closed.
Where were you?
I'm not sure.
- Where are you going?
- Come on.
Okay, where are we going?
Here.
You want me to go to church?
There's someone inside
you should talk to.
Mrs. Mokosh.
Go on.
Just you.
Mrs. Mokosh?
I like to sit. My knees.
So, what are you looking for?
Oh, I think I'm looking for you.
Nobody who comes here
is looking for me.
Have you ever heard
of Chernobog and Belobog?
You know these names?
Well, they seem...
familiar.
Chernobog and Belobog
are Slavic deities.
The Black god and the White one.
The people who built this church
wouldn't have admitted it,
but in private,
they still say their prayers
to both of them.
Many cultures
have these figures,
opposing forces doomed forever
to confront one another.
Good and evil?
Some call it that.
Others see it as a dance
between order and chaos.
Whatever it is,
you are here for a reason.
And that is?
That's for you to figure out.
Fine.
I'll tell you this much.
Sometimes,
you can't fight the current.
you have to go with it.
So what you're saying is--
How do you know her?
Dude, I see dead people.
And so do you, apparently.
What the hell was that?
Never mind. I don't wanna know.
- Come on.
- Where are you going?
There's a diner
around the corner.
I'm not hungry.
I am, and you're buying!
I think
my granddaughter likes you.
Yeah?
It's Jack.
We met
the other night at Shelly's.
Yeah, I know who you are.
I was wondering
if you might be interested
in some work.
Why would you offer me work?
Well...
...I have my reasons.
I'll make it worth your while.
I'll think about it.
- You sure about this?
- I'm absolutely sure.
Sure about what?
Mr. Soach has recommended
someone for the upcoming job.
Oh, really?
You know how it is, Paul.
You meet people over the years.
Gentlemen,
we should be very careful
about inviting
new people in on this one.
I leave these decisions to you.
It's outside
my field of expertise.
You met this guy?
I did.
I think you'll like him.
There's something about him.
All right. You can hire him...
if we go forward on this thing.
What do you mean?
I mean, I'm having reservations,
that's what I mean.
About what, exactly?
Everything.
We've been over it all before.
You're doing this
for the benefit of the people,
and you can't let one man stand
in the way of that.
A certain action has to be taken
to ensure the greater good.
Stop trying
to manipulate me, Soach.
Stop it!
I make my own decisions.
I make my own choices.
Anything I do,
I do, because I see fit.
Yes.
I'm not suggesting otherwise.
Here we are.
Roger Hammond
talking to the press.
What are you gonna do
about Paul Sanborn's
development?
Paul Sanborn
will be treated like
any other resident in this city.
The days of ward politics
and backroom deals are over.
Paul Sanborn
owns a great deal of things...
but he does not own me,
and he does not own this city.
We will not be
intimidated by him,
or anyone else
intending to bully us.
Thank you.
All right!
Do what has to be done!
I see that you're in.
Five K up front.
The rest, when the job is over.
I've put a little extra for you,
all right?
For what you did last time.
Industrial park.
Used to be factories.
Now, it's a warehouse district.
Mr. Sanborn owns everything,
five blocks in all directions,
so the streets will be empty.
This is the perfect place
for the ambush we are setting.
We will block off
one side of the street.
We'll then cut them off,
forcing them
onto the side streets.
Once they are off the main road,
we will continue
to cut off the access streets,
driving them...
here...
where we will be waiting.
The target's name
is Annie Hammond.
Annie is ten.
Does anyone have a problem
kidnapping a ten-year-old child?
Annie has a bodyguard
and a driver.
They are professionals.
They will be armed.
Hopefully, they'll see
they're outgunned
and pinned down.
What if they don't see it?
Then we will neutralize
them quickly and efficiently.
We will reconvene here
tomorrow at 3:00 p.m.
Annie has ballet
in the early evening.
We will pick her up
on the way home.
Gentlemen.
Move!
On your knees!
There's no need for this.
There's been a verified sighting
of the resistance.
They lie.
They need to be executed.
General?
General,
they await your command.
Get the men in the transports.
- This is over.
- I implore you, General,
if you retreat,
they will say
you lost your nerve!
This is over!
The Fuührer will receive word
that you're weak.
Are you... weak?
Is this what you want?
Good. All right, fine!
Here it is!
What have I done?
What have you made me do?
I didn't make you
do anything, General.
I simply pointed out
what you had to do.
And you,
honorably, did the rest.
Good afternoon, Ryder.
What's going on?
Do you sometimes feel
that life is just...
inevitable?
No matter
how many times you show up...
no matter how many times
you try to do something,
it just turns out, well...
wrong.
Perhaps bad... needs to win...
so that good
has a reason to continue.
I don't believe that.
No?
History proves you wrong.
Mankind manages
to skew towards the bad,
and history repeats itself
over and over again.
And still manage
to get it wrong...
uh, time and time again...
no matter what you do.
You feel helpless...
just swimming
against the current...
under your nose.
Sometimes,
you can't fight the current.
you have to go with it.
Sometimes,
you have to go with the current.
Yes.
You need to look...
into the darkness of yourself,
into the person
you don't want to be...
to know who you really are.
Things will change.
Will you join me?
You might even like
what happens next.
What's that supposed to mean?
All this trying
to save the world.
Come on, man. What about you?
You've never
really known pleasure.
The joy
of what it is to be alive.
You've never known love.
Come on, man!
You covering for Shelly?
- It's her poker night.
- Why didn't she ask me?
'Cause I'm a legal aid attorney,
and I can use the tips.
Shelly plays poker?
Well, I bet she's good.
She is.
Says she can see the auras
of the other players.
She knows when they're bluffing.
But you don't believe her.
She's a bartender who knows...
... a bullshit artist
when she sees one.
Good night.
- Does he ever pay?
-When he can.
Shelly lets him slide
when he can't.
She puts up a tough front,
but she's a softy
when it counts.
Don't tell her I said that.
My lips... are sealed.
I guess...
I will go upstairs.
Shelly's.
Hey, Morgan. How are you doing?
It's Detective Timmons.
Is he there? Put him on, please.
It's for you.
We need to talk. I'm out front.
I had your fingerprints checked.
I had to run them through
every possible database...
and nothing.
Can't find a thing on you.
You're a ghost.
I don't like ghosts.
Hell, I don't believe in ghosts.
Who are you, Mr. Ryder?
What are you doing in my town?
Listen...
I... dislike Sanborn
as much as the next guy,
but I can't just stand by
and let you do
what I think
you're plannin' to do.
Stay out of my way.
How'd you get that?
I don't know.
There must be a story.
I'm sure there is.
So, tell it.
But some other time.
What are you looking at?
You.
You don't like talking
about yourself, do you?
- Not much to tell.
-Please.
Everybody's got a story to tell.
What, even Leo?
Even Leo!
But we're not talking about him.
- We're talking about you.
-What about me?
I don't know.
That's what
I'm trying to figure out.
Something came up.
Morgan had to go.
You saw Morgan?
Yeah.
She was glowing.
What, you think
I don't notice stuff?
Poker night last night, huh?
Yeah!
- Did you win?
- I broke even.
I can't win all the time,
they'd notice.
Morgan doesn't believe
that you can see the auras
of the other players.
She's too practical
for all that.
I stopped telling her
about it years ago.
She's more like her mom
that way.
You're not practical?
It's different.
Morgan sees the world that is...
and she tries to save
her little part of it.
I gave that up a long time ago.
Somehow, I get the feeling
that's what you're up to.
Saving the world,
one, little piece at a time.
"Mister Soach."
Interesting name.
There's an anagram
you can make out of it.
Turn it over.
-Roger, did you see this?
-Morgan.
Sanborn's attorneys
submitted it yesterday
at the close of business.
Tried to sneak it past us.
Sanborn promised
to leave the old city intact,
but now he intends
to tear everything down.
Well, he can try, Morgan,
but without my vote,
he can't get away
with any of this.
I hope so.
There is nothing he can do
that will make me
change my mind.
- Hi, Daddy!
-Sweetheart!
- Hi, Morgan!
- Hey, sweetie.
Where did this come from?
Must you do this?
I thought better of you.
I will not watch.
There is no one
hiding in this town.
These are just
good, simple people.
You mustn't do this.
I fear for your soul.
It's never too late
to do the right thing.
What am I doing?
What have I done?
Bye!
Bye, sweetie. See you, Roger.
What's up, Shelly?
Have you heard from Ryder?
No! Why do you ask?
Because he's gone.
He said to give you this.
You know...
But I'm...
Ooh, I'm gonna give you this.
I'm so glad you could join us.
What makes you so sure
that I am?
I'm not.
The only certainty with chaos
is that there is no certainty.
But you're willing
to play the game.
I'm calling it off, gentlemen.
Why, pray tell?
I'm not kidnapping a child.
God knows you've done worse.
Maybe I have...
but not this time.
What exactly are you saying?
It's never too late
to do the right thing.
Ho!
Let's go.
Jack, I've called it off.
It's over, gentlemen.
Go home. Go home.
Jack.
Jack, Jack!
At least, you tried.
Jack works for me now.
You pay him well,
I pay him better.
His talents were wasted
in your service.
He could never reach
his full potential with you.
Ciao, ciao, Paul.
See you later!
Bye-bye!
What if I just sit back
and watch...
and don't take part?
That works.
But if you pull the trigger,
it's even better.
That which you most need,
you'll find in the things
you don't want to do.
Pull the trigger,
you will be loved.
Love? How?
Oh, my dear boy,
I thought you knew.
Love is chaos.
Go, go, go, go! Go!
Nobody needs to get hurt.
It's over!
It's over! Put the guns down!
Get out of here. Go, go!
Get out of here!
Let them go! Let them go!
Fuck it!
Where do I know you from?
We've done this before.
There are many times.
Yes. Go on.
Pull the fucking trigger.
Yes!
Maybe I will.
Such a surprise.
Stay in the car!
I'm okay. Check on him.
Are you hit?
You hang in there.
Medics are on the way.
You hear me? You hang in there.
And thanks for the call.
The little girl is safe.
Ryder!
Oh, my God!
I thought
I'd never see you again.
Thank you!
What's your name?
Why did you risk your life
for us?
It was the right thing to do.
Hey...
See you next time, Ryder.
Bye!
How did things resolve?
They resolved.
People can surprise you,
like Paul Sanborn.
- You know about that?
- No, I don't miss much!
And the other man,
did you learn anything?
Yeah.
Yeah, he told me
that I'd never get to know love,
but...
that's not true.
I do know love, I just...
don't get to keep it
for very long,
but nobody ever does.
I like that!
I think I'll steal it
when anyone asks me about love.
- If that's okay?
- By all means.
How are things
with you and Morgan?
They're good.
Are you sure?
I get it.
Good.
I hate trying
to explain to people
that they are dead.
They never want to believe me.
Thank you.
Ah... young love!
I have to go.
For now.